In that last practice phase, you searched among 32 objects on the screen like this. We've had a lot of people take this study, and most people would agree that 32 objects is about a medium level of difficulty.
As you take objects away the search becomes easier and, as you add objects, the search becomes more difficult.
The rest of this experiment you'll be choosing between two options on the screen like this the D key selects the Left option, the F key selects the right option.
The numbers on these options called outcomes tell you about how many objects you'll be searching through on the next trial. Throughout that last practice phast you were searching among 32 objects, and that's about medium difficulty.
But you can see now you have the option to search between 25 or 18.
You'll see that one of these options only has one outcome. That's like a safe option if I choose this one, I know i'll be searching among 25
objects on the next search trial. One of these is like a risky option, I know that if I choose this i'll either get 32 or 18 objects.
It's like flipping a coin, to determine which one i'll get so it resolves at a point five probability.
You can see, this one is a little less than 32 and it's a bit easier.
You also get some trials where the objects will be greater than 32 So if I were to get 46 or 60 here those would be more difficult more challenging than just 32.
More objects means a little bit toughe. When you're ready to begin this next phase of the experiment press on the button on the lower right hand side of your screen to begin.